The Nvidia Corporation 401(k) Plan (the "Plan") of Nvidia Corporation is originally effective January 1, 1994 and has been
amended numerous times since such time with the most recent amendment effective February 1, 2019 (the "Effective
Date"). This Plan is intended to be a qualified retirement plan under the Internal Revenue Code.
The purpose of the plan is to enable eligible Employees to save for retirement. As well as retirement benefits, the plan
provides certain benefits in the event of death or other termination of employment. The Plan is for the exclusive benefit of
eligible Employees and their Beneficiaries.
This booklet is called a Summary Plan Description ("SPD") and it contains a summary in understandable language of your
rights and benefits under the Plan as of the Effective Date unless otherwise provided.
This SPD is a brief description of the principal features of the plan document and trust agreement and is not meant to
interpret, extend or change these provisions in any way. The plan document and trust agreement shall govern if there is a
discrepancy between this SPD and the actual provisions of the plan.
This SPD is based on the federal tax implications of your participation in the Plan, transactions made within your Account,
and distributions you may receive from the plan. The state tax implications of your participation and these transactions
should be determined based on an examination of appropriate state law. Please consult with your tax advisor if you have
any questions regarding state tax law.
The information in this section contains definitions to some of the terms that may be used in this SPD and general Plan
information. If the first letter of any of the terms defined below is capitalized when it is used within this SPD, then it
represents the indicated defined term.
An Account shall be established by the Trustee to record contributions made on your behalf and any related income,
expenses, gains or losses. It may also be referred to as an Account balance.
This is the person or persons (including a trust) you designate, or who are identified by the plan document if you fail to
designate or improperly designate, who will receive your benefits in the event of your death. You may designate more than
one Beneficiary.
Under your Plan, you are disabled if you meet the following criteria: you are eligible for disability benefits under your
Employer's Long-Term Disability Plan.
An Employee is an individual who is employed by your Employer as a common law employee or, in certain cases, as a
leased employee and is not terminated.
The name and address of your Employer is:
Nvidia Corporation
2788 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95051
(408) 486-2000
The Employer's federal tax identification number is: 94-3177549
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) identifies the rights of Participants and Beneficiaries
covered by a qualified retirement plan.
Fidelity Investments is the recordkeeper of your Plan. To view your Account, make changes to investments, or perform
transactions, please use the contact information below, all telephone calls will be recorded for quality.
Phone number: 1-800-835-5097
Website: www.401k.com
An Employee is considered a highly compensated Employee if you (i) at any time during the current or prior year own, or
are considered to own, more than five percent of your Employer, or (ii) received compensation from your Employer during
the prior year in excess of $125,000.00, as adjusted and you are in the top paid group consisting of the top 20% of
employees ranked by compensation.
A participant is an eligible Employee who has satisfied the eligibility and entry date requirements and is eligible to
participate in the Plan or a formerly eligible Employee who has an Account balance remaining in the Plan.
The Nvidia Corporation 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan. These types of plans are commonly described by the
method by which contributions for participants are made to the plan. More information about the contributions made to
the plan can be found in Section III, Contributions.
The Plan Administrator is responsible for the administration of the Plan and its duties are identified in the plan document.
In general, the Plan Administrator is responsible for providing you and your Beneficiaries with information about your
rights and benefits under the Plan. The name and address of the Plan Administrator is:
Nvidia Corporation
2788 San Tomas Expressway
Santa Clara, CA 95051
(408) 486-2000
The three digit IRS number for the Plan is 001.
The Plan's Sponsor is the first Employer listed under the definition of Employer above.
The Plan Year is the twelve-month period ending on the last day of December. The Plan Sponsor may only change or have
changed the Plan Year by amending and restating to a new Plan Document.
Qualified Military Service is service in the uniformed services of the United States that results in the Participant having a
right of reemployment with the Employer under federal law.
The plan's agent for service of legal process is the Plan Administrator.
The trustee is responsible for trusteeing the Plan's assets. The trustee's duties are identified in the trust agreement and
relate only to the assets in its possession. The name and address of the Plan's Trustee are:
Fidelity Management Trust Company
245 Summer Street
Boston, MA 02210
You are eligible to participate in the Plan if you are an Employee.
However, you are not eligible to participate if you are:
a resident of Puerto Rico
covered by a collective bargaining agreement, unless the agreement requires the employees to be included under
the Plan
Exclusion (s)
Taxable Value of any restricted stock or any qualified or nonqualified
Stock options, Severance pay received prior to termination, (a) income
relating to Section 83 property that becomes freely transferable or that is
no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, (b) income
attributable to a Section 83(b) election, (c) any taxable income
attributable to the exercise of a nonqualified stock option, (d)
"miscellaneous relocation allowances", (e) "housing allowances" or
"housing stipends", (f) "cost of living allowances" or "COLAs", (g)
"international transport allowances", (h) income relating to the grossedup portion of a reimbursement of relocation expenses, (i) income
relating to a credit or payment made on account of a Participant's
coverage under a medical and/or dental benefit program other than the
medical and/or program(s) maintained by the Plan Sponsor, and (j)
income attributable to a legal settlement with the Plan Sponsor.
Taxable Value of any restricted stock or any qualified or nonqualified
Stock options, Severance pay received prior to termination, (a) income
relating to Section 83 property that becomes freely transferable or that is
no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, (b) income
attributable to a Section 83(b) election, (c) any taxable income
attributable to the exercise of a nonqualified stock option, (d)
"miscellaneous relocation allowances", (e) "housing allowances" or
"housing stipends", (f) "cost of living allowances" or "COLAs", (g)
"international transport allowances", (h) income relating to the grossedup portion of a reimbursement of relocation expenses, (i) income
relating to a credit or payment made on account of a Participant's
coverage under a medical and/or dental benefit program other than the
medical and/or program(s) maintained by the Plan Sponsor, and (j)
income attributable to a legal settlement with the Plan Sponsor.
Compensation for your first year of eligible Plan participation will be measured only for that portion of your initial Plan
Year that you are eligible. Tax laws limit the amount of compensation that may be taken into account each Plan Year; the
maximum amount for the 2019 Plan Year is $280,000.
You may elect to defer a percentage of your eligible compensation into the Plan after you satisfy the Plan's eligibility
requirements. The percentage of your eligible compensation you elect will be withheld from each payroll and contributed
to an Account in the Plan on your behalf. For pre-tax contributions being withheld from your compensation, the percentage
you defer is subject to an annual limit of the lesser of 80.00% of eligible compensation or $19,000 (in 2019; thereafter as
adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury) in a calendar year. This plan also contains an automatic enrollment feature
which applies to you if you become eligible for the Plan on or after February 1, 2019. If you are reemployed on or after
February 1, 2019, you also are subject to the automatic enrollment feature even if you had previously declined to participate
in the Plan. If you are subject to automatic enrollment, you will be notified approximately 30 days prior to when your
Employer will begin to automatically deduct 6.00% from your pay on a pre-tax basis as a Deferral Contribution for you to
the Plan. You may stop or change this automatic contribution by following the instructions provided in the notice.
Deferral Contributions made automatically for you are treated the same under the Plan as Deferral Contributions made by
your own election.
In accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator, if you are automatically enrolled, your deferral rate
will increase by 1% each year on the anniversary of your automatic enrollment date until you have a deferral rate of 10%.
You may stop or change this automatic contribution at any time. This annual increase will not apply to you if you have
opted out of automatic enrollment by submitting an affirmative election to participate at a different deferral rate, including
0%.
You will be eligible to designate some or all of your Deferral Contribution as a Roth Deferral Contribution at the time you
make your deferral election. Once made, this election will be irrevocable (that is, Roth Deferral Contributions cannot later
be re-characterized as pre-tax Deferral Contributions). If you elect to make Roth Deferral Contributions, the amount of
your contribution will be included in your income for tax purposes, and the income tax withholding amounts will be
deducted from the remainder of your pay, not from the Roth Deferral Contribution amount.
For example, if you have annual compensation of $30,000 and elect to make a Roth Deferral Contribution to the Plan equal
to 5% of your compensation, your Roth Deferral Contribution to the Plan will equal $1,500 (5% of $30,000). The tax
withholding applicable to the amount you have elected to contribute to the Plan as a Roth Deferral Contribution will be
applied against the remainder of your compensation.
Except with respect to the income taxation of Roth Deferral Contributions at contribution (described above) and to the
distribution of amounts attributable to Roth Deferral Contributions (described below), Roth Deferral Contributions are
subject to the same rules applicable to pre-tax Deferral Contributions. For example, pre-tax and Roth Deferral
Contributions are added together to determine whether you have reached the Federal tax law limit on Deferral
Contributions ($19,000 in 2019 for those not eligible to make age 50 and over catch-up contributions) or the Plan's deferral
limit. If you have participated in more than one employer-sponsored qualified plan during the year, the Federal tax law
limit on Deferral Contributions is your personal limit across all plans, and you should promptly inform the Plan
Administrator of any contributions you made outside of this Plan.
Your Deferral Contributions cannot be forfeited for any reason, however, there are special Internal Revenue Code rules that
must be satisfied and may require that some of your contributions be returned to you. The Plan Administrator will notify
you if any of your contributions will be returned. You may increase or decrease the amount you contribute as of the
beginning of each payroll period. You may also completely suspend your contributions which you may resume as of the
first day of the beginning of each payroll period. If you want to increase, decrease, suspend, or resume your Deferral
Contributions, please contact Fidelity.
You may create an annual increase program to gradually raise your contribution rate each year. If you are automatically
enrolled, your Employer may automatically increase your contributions annually until your contributions reach a maximum
of 10.00%.
The Plan provides that participants who are projected to be age 50 or older by the end of the taxable year and who are
making Deferral Contributions to the Plan may also make a catch-up contribution of up to $6,000 (in 2019; thereafter as
adjusted by the Secretary of the Treasury).The Plan requires that no more than 80.00% of your eligible compensation be
deferred as an age 50 and over catch-up contribution.
After you satisfy the Plan's eligibility and entry date requirements, you may elect to contribute a percentage of your eligible
compensation into the Plan on an after-tax basis. You may contribute a percentage of eligible compensation up to an
annual maximum of 80%. You are limited to contributing a combined total of after-tax and Deferral Contributions of
80.00%. However, there are special Internal Revenue Code rules which must be satisfied and the maximum amount you
may contribute may be a lower percentage. The Plan Administrator will notify you if any of your contributions will be
returned. Your Employer may refuse to accept your after-tax contributions if they will have an adverse effect on the Plan's
non-discrimination tests. Your after-tax contributions belong to you and cannot be forfeited for any reason.
You become eligible for matching contributions only if you make Deferral Contributions. For purposes of determining your
matching contributions under the Plan, your Contributions will include Age 50 and Over Catch-Up Contributions.
Employer matching contributions must be allocated to your Account in the Plan within prescribed legal time limits.
Your Employer may make discretionary matching contributions. Discretionary matching contributions, if made, will be
computed by your Employer based on your eligible compensation deferred into the Plan each payroll period. You must be
employed as of the last day of the Contribution Period to be eligible for any matching contributions that may be made for
that payroll period. You do not need to satisfy this requirement if you die (including death while performing Qualified
Military Service), become disabled, or retire during the Plan Year.
Your Employer will communicate the amount of any annual discretionary matching contributions.
Your Employer may designate all or a portion of any matching contributions for a payroll period as "qualified matching
contributions" and allocate them to Non-Highly Compensated Employees to help the Plan pass one or more annually
required Internal Revenue Code nondiscrimination test(s). Any such contributions will be allocated to those Participants
eligible to receive the Employer matching contributions described above who made Deferral Contributions during the
payroll period. Participants are 100% vested in these contributions.
Your Employer may designate all or a portion of any nonelective contributions for a Plan Year as "qualified nonelective
contributions" and allocate them to certain Non-Highly Compensated Employees to help the Plan pass one or more
annually required Internal Revenue Code non-discrimination test(s). You will be 100% vested in these contributions.
b. Limit on Contributions
Federal law requires that amounts contributed by you and on your behalf by your Employer for a given limitation year
generally may not exceed the lesser of:
$56,000 (or such amount as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury); or
100.00% of your annual compensation.
The limitation year for purposes of applying the above limits is the twelve month period ending 12/31. Contributions under
this Plan, along with Employer contributions under any other Employer-sponsored defined contribution plans, may not
exceed the above limits. If this does occur, then excess contributions in your Account may be forfeited or refunded to you
based on the provisions of the Plan document. You will be notified by the Plan Administrator if you have any excess
contributions. Income tax consequences may apply on the amount of any refund you receive.
You can roll over part or all of an eligible rollover distribution you receive from an eligible retirement plan (a "Rollover
Contribution") into this Plan even if you have not yet satisfied the age and service Eligibility requirements described in
Section II above; however you will not become a Participant in the Plan until you have met the Plan's eligibility and entry
date requirements. An eligible retirement plan is a qualified plan under Section 401(a), a 403(a) annuity plan, a 403(b)
annuity contract, an eligible 457(b) plan maintained by a governmental employer, and an individual retirement Account
and individual retirement annuity. An eligible rollover distribution includes any distribution from an eligible retirement
plan, except any distribution from an individual retirement Account or an individual retirement annuity consisting of
nondeductible contributions or any distribution from a 403(b) annuity contract consisting of after-tax employee
contributions. Making Rollover Contributions to the Plan that consist of assets other than qualified 401(a) plan assets may
result in the loss of favorable capital gains or ten year income averaging tax treatment that may otherwise be available with
respect to a lump sum distribution to you from the Plan. The loss of this favorable tax treatment may also occur if you
make a Rollover Contribution to the Plan that consists of qualified 401(a) plan assets under certain circumstances. If you
may be eligible for this special tax treatment, you should consult your tax advisor and carefully consider the impact of
making a Rollover Contribution to the Plan.
The Plan Administrator determines which Rollover Contributions are acceptable and if any Rollover Contribution fails to
meet the requirements of the Plan and must be distributed. If your Rollover Contribution to the Plan is not a direct rollover
(i.e., you received a cash distribution from your eligible retirement plan), then it must be received by the Trustee within 60
days of your receipt of the distribution. Rollover Contributions may only be made in the form of cash, allowable fund
shares, or (if the Plan allows new loans in accordance with the terms of this SPD) promissory notes from an eligible
retirement plan. Your Rollover Contributions Account will be subject to the terms of this Plan and will always be fully
vested and nonforfeitable. In general, if you receive an eligible rollover distribution as a surviving spouse of a participant
or as a spouse or former spouse who is an "alternate payee" pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order ("QDRO"), you
may also make a Rollover Contribution to the Plan.
The Plan will accept direct Rollover Contributions of amounts attributable to Roth Deferral Contributions that you made to
another qualified plan that accepted Roth Deferral Contributions and properly segregated them from other contributions.
The same rules that apply to other direct Rollover Contributions apply to direct Rollover Contributions of amounts
attributable to Roth Deferral Contributions, except for the income tax treatment on distribution (described below).
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) imposes certain duties on the parties who are responsible
for the operation of the Plan. These parties, called fiduciaries, have a duty to invest Plan assets in a prudent manner.
However, an exception exists for plans that comply with ERISA Section 404(c) and permit a Participant to exercise control
over the assets in his/her Account and choose from a broad range of investment alternatives. This Plan is intended to be a
Section 404(c) plan. To the extent that you have directed the investment of assets in your Account under the Plan, you are
responsible for the investment decisions you made relating to those assets and the Plan fiduciaries are not responsible for
any losses resulting from your investment instructions. To assist you in making informed investment decisions, the Plan
Administrator is required to provide you with certain disclosures required under the Department of Labor's participant
disclosure regulation (See DOL Regulation 2550.404a-5) initially and on an annual basis. You should contact the Plan
Administrator with any questions regarding these disclosures. Fidelity is assisting the Plan Administrator in complying
with this regulation and will make this disclosure notice available for you to review and access via Fidelity's website.
Model Portfolio Recordkeeping Service (the "Service") is a managed account service that invests your Account in one of
several model portfolios created from a mix of your plan's eligible investment options. Once enrolled, your Account
balance will be reallocated to align with the investment allocation of your assigned model portfolio; your future
contributions will also be invested according to this model portfolio.
While enrolled in the Service, you are delegating the ongoing management of your Account to the Service. You will not be
able to make any exchanges among investment options or otherwise direct or restrict the management of your Account.
The Service will allocate and, when appropriate, reallocate the assets in your Account to ensure that it stays in balance with
the model portfolio's current mix of investments. Whenever your Account is reallocated or rebalanced to fit your model
portfolio, you will receive a confirmation detailing the transactions. You will also receive prospectuses for any investment
option you did not previously own.
Fidelity's Self-Directed Brokerage (SDB) program (BrokerageLink) allows a wide variety of investments with a diverse fee
structure. Please go online for more information regarding the SDB investment option.
The assets in the Plan are invested in available investment options and a separate Account is established for each
Participant who receives and/or makes a contribution. The value of your Account is updated each business day to reflect
any contributions, exchanges between investment options, investment earnings or losses for each investment option and
withdrawals. Your account statement is available online through NetBenefits, you can view and print a statement for any
time period up to 24 previous months. If you do not log onto Netbenefits a hard copy statement will automatically be
mailed to you annually.
Exchanges received and confirmed before the close of the market (usually 4:00 PM (ET)) will be posted on that business
day based upon the closing price of the affected investment(s). Exchanges received and confirmed after the market close
will be processed on the next business day based upon the closing price of the affected investment(s) on that next business
day. A confirmation of your change in the investment of your future contributions or your exchange of an existing fund will
be sent to you within five business days or an online confirmation will be available. Fidelity reserves the right to change,
restrict, or terminate exchange procedures to protect mutual fund shareholders.
The term "vesting" refers to your nonforfeitable right to the money in your Account. You receive vesting credit for the
number of years that you have worked for your Employer.
If you terminate your employment with your Employer, you may be able to receive a portion or all of your Account based on
your vested percentage. You are always 100% vested in your Rollover Contributions, Employer Matching Contributions,
After-Tax Contributions, Qualified Matching Contributions, Qualified Nonelective Contributions, Deferral Contributions
and any earnings thereon.
You may contact Fidelity to take a withdrawal or loan from the Plan. The amount of any taxable withdrawal other than the
return of your after-tax contributions that is not rolled over into an Individual Retirement Account or another qualified
employer retirement plan will be subject to 20% federal tax withholding and applicable state income taxes. A 10% Internal
Revenue Code early withdrawal penalty tax may apply to the amount of your withdrawal if you are under the age of 59
and do not meet one of the Internal Revenue Code exceptions. For information regarding the taxation of amounts
The following types of withdrawals are available under the Plan:
As an Employee, you may apply to withdraw certain contributions to satisfy specific and heavy financial needs. In
accordance with Internal Revenue Service regulations, you must first exhaust all other assets reasonably available to you
prior to obtaining a hardship withdrawal. This includes obtaining any in-service withdrawal(s) available from your
Account (but does not include Plan loans). The minimum hardship withdrawal is $500. Hardship withdrawals will be
subject to the 10% nonperiodic income tax withholding rate unless you elect out of the withholding.
If you qualify, you may apply for a hardship withdrawal to satisfy the following needs: (1) medical expenses for you, your
spouse, children, dependents or a primary beneficiary designated by you under the Plan; (2) the purchase of your principal
residence; (3) to prevent your eviction from, or foreclosure on, your principal residence; (4) to pay for post-secondary
education expenses (tuition, related educational fees, room and board) for you, your spouse, children, dependents or a
primary beneficiary designated by you under the Plan for the next twelve months; (5) to make payments for burial or funeral
expenses for your deceased parent, spouse, child, dependent or a primary beneficiary designated by you under the Plan; (6)
to pay expenses for the repair of damage to your principal residence that would qualify for the casualty deduction under
Section 165 of the Internal Revenue Code (without regard to whether the loss exceeds 10% of adjusted gross income); or
any other immediate and heavy financial need as determined based on Internal Revenue Service regulations.
Contributions available to withdraw under the terms of this section are:
Employee Deferral Contributions (including both pretax and Roth deferral contributions if available in the
Participant's Account)
Match
If you have reached age 59, then you may elect to withdraw all or a portion of your entire vested Account while you are
still employed by your Employer.
Starting in the calendar year in which you reach age 70, you may elect to receive distributions calculated in the same
manner as Required Minimum Distributions. For more information, please refer to the paragraph so entitled under the
Distributable Events subsection of this SPD's section on Distribution of Benefits below.
You may elect to withdraw your vested Account balance after you reach the Plan's normal retirement age, 65.00, or delay it
until you retire. Notwithstanding the above, by law certain contributions including employee deferral, qualified matching,
safe harbor matching, qualified nonelective, and safe harbor nonelective contributions cannot be withdrawn prior to age
59.
If you have previously made after-tax contributions then you may elect to withdraw all or a portion of your contributions.
There is no limit on the number of withdrawals of this type.
If you have a balance in your rollover contributions Account, you may elect to withdraw all or a portion of it. There is no
limit on the number of withdrawals of this type.
If you are performing Qualified Military Service for a period of greater than 30 days, you may elect to withdraw your
Deferral Contributions, Qualified Matching Contributions and Qualified Nonelective Contributions during your active duty
period. You will be suspended from making any contributions for 6 months following the distribution and the withdrawal
may be subject to the 10% early withdrawal penalty tax.
Unless you have terminated employment, you may elect to have certain vested assets held on a pre-tax basis converted to be
considered designated Roth contributions for Plan purposes. Only assets eligible for rollover distribution may be converted.
Tax implications (including those triggered by early distribution) inherent to designated Roth balances, as well as any other
restrictions on in-service withdrawals under the Plan, will apply to the converted assets.
Loans from your vested Account balance shall be made available to all qualifying Participants on a reasonably equivalent
basis. Loans are not considered distributions and are not subject to Federal or state income taxes, provided they are repaid
as required. While you do have to pay interest on your loan, both the principal and interest are deposited in your Account.
You can obtain more information about loans in the Plan's Loan Procedures supplied by the Plan Administrator (attached at
the end of this SPD).
A distribution can be made to you if you request one due to your retirement or termination of employment from your
Employer and any Related Employer. Your Beneficiary or Beneficiaries may request a distribution of your vested Account
balance in the event of your death. The value of your Account balance will continue to increase or decrease, as appropriate,
based on the investment returns until it is distributed.
You may defer receipt of your distribution until a later date. However, you cannot postpone it if your vested Account
balance is $1,000 or less in which case the Plan Administrator will direct the Trustee to distribute it to you as a lump sum
distribution without your consent. If your vested Account balance exceeds $1,000, you may delay your distribution until you
are required by law to receive Required Minimum Distributions. You will have a continuing election to request a
distribution if you elect to postpone your distribution unless you are re-employed by your Employer or any Related
Employer. Your consent will be required for any distribution if your vested Account balance is greater than $1,000.
Prior to such distribution you still have the right to request that the amount be distributed directly to you in the form of a
lump sum payment or to request that it be rolled-over to a different IRA provider or another retirement plan eligible to
receive rollover contributions.
You should consult with your tax advisor to determine the financial impact of your situation before you request a
distribution. You may apply for a distribution by contacting Fidelity. Most distributions have been pre-approved by the
Plan Administrator.
You are eligible to request a distribution of your vested Account balance based on any of the following events:
If you are a Participant in the Plan and die, your vested Account balance, if any, will be paid to your designated Beneficiary
or Beneficiaries. If you are an Employee of your Employer or a Related Employer at the time of your death, your Account
balance will automatically become 100% vested. Also, if you are a Participant in the Plan and die while performing
Qualified Military Service, then your Account balance will become 100% vested. You may designate a Beneficiary or
Beneficiaries online through the Fidelity website, however, if you are married and want to designate someone other than
your spouse as your primary Beneficiary, you must print a form from the website and your spouse must consent to this
designation by signing the form. His/her signature must be witnessed as described on the form.
If you are an Employee of your Employer or a Related Employer at the time you attain your normal retirement age of 65.00,
your Account balance will automatically become 100% vested.
You are required by law to receive a Required Minimum Distribution (RMD) from the Employer's Plan, unless you are a
more than five percent owner of the Employer, no later than April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year you
turn 70 or terminate your employment, whichever is later. If you are a more than five percent owner of the Employer,
you must start receiving your distribution no later than April 1 of the calendar year following the calendar year you turn
70. Once you start receiving your RMD, you should receive it at least annually until all assets in your Account are
distributed.
Generally, if you terminate your employment with your Employer and all Related Employers, you may elect to receive a
distribution of your vested Account balance from the Plan.
Your entire vested Account balance will be paid to you in a single distribution or other distribution that you elect.
Any distribution paid directly to you will be subject to mandatory Federal income tax withholding of 20% of the taxable
distribution and the remaining amount will be paid to you. You cannot elect out of this tax withholding but you can avoid
it by electing a direct rollover distribution as described below. This withholding is not a penalty but a prepayment of your
Federal income taxes.
Subject to certain exceptions (for example, with respect to a distribution of excess Deferral Contributions to Highly
Compensated Employees due to nondiscrimination test results), the entire amount of your Account under the Plan
attributable to Roth contributions will be distributed to you free from Federal income tax (including the earnings portion) if
the distribution occurs after the five taxable year period beginning with the first taxable year you made a designated Roth
contribution to the Plan (or to a plan you previously participated in, if earlier, if amounts attributable to those previous Roth
contributions were directly rolled over to this Plan), provided the distribution is also made:
On or after you attain age 59 or
To your beneficiary (or estate) on or after your death; or
Pursuant to your being disabled.
You may rollover the taxable distribution you receive to an Individual Retirement Account (IRA) or your new employer's
qualified plan, if it accepts rollover contributions and you roll over this distribution within 60 days after receipt. You will
not be taxed on any amounts timely rolled over into the IRA or your new employer's qualified Plan until those amounts are
later distributed to you. Any amounts not rolled over may also be subject to certain early withdrawal penalties prescribed
under the Internal Revenue Code.
You may request that your entire distribution be rolled directly into a Fidelity IRA, a non-Fidelity IRA or to your new
employer's qualified plan if it accepts rollover contributions. Federal income taxes will not be withheld on any direct
rollover distribution.
Rollover to Fidelity IRA - Once you have set up a Fidelity Rollover IRA account, you may request
that your vested Account balance be transferred to that account.
Rollover to Non-Fidelity IRA - A check will be issued by the Trustee payable to the IRA custodian or
trustee for your benefit. The check will contain the notation 'Direct Rollover' and it will be mailed
directly to you. You will be responsible for forwarding it on to the custodian or trustee.
Rollover to your New Employer's Qualified Plan - You should check with your new employer to
determine if its plan will accept rollover contributions. If allowed, then a check will be issued by the
Trustee payable to the trustee of your new employer's qualified plan. The check will contain the
notation 'Direct Rollover' and it will be mailed directly to you. You will be responsible for forwarding
it on to the new trustee.
You may request that part of your distribution be paid directly to you and the balance rolled into an IRA, your new
employer's retirement plan, or a 403(a) annuity.
You will pay income tax on the amount of any taxable distribution you receive from the Plan unless it is rolled into an IRA
or your new employer's qualified Plan. A 10% IRS premature distribution penalty tax may also apply to your taxable
distribution unless it is rolled into an IRA or another qualified plan. The 20% Federal income tax withheld under this
section may not cover your entire income tax liability. In the case of a combination distribution, if any portion of the
eligible rollover distribution consists of after-tax contributions, the amount paid directly to you will be considered to consist
completely of after-tax contributions before any after-tax contributions are attributed to the portion paid as a direct rollover.
Consult with your tax advisor for further details.
Your vested Account balance will be paid to you in substantially equal amounts over a period of time. You may elect
annual or more frequent installments. You may elect to receive a lump sum distribution after you start to receive
installment distributions. The direct rollover distribution rules referred to in the lump sum distribution section also apply to
installment distributions.
Benefits provided by the Plan are not insured or guaranteed by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation under Title IV of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 because the insurance provisions under ERISA are not applicable to
this particular Plan. You will only be entitled to the vested benefits in your Account based upon the provisions of the Plan
and the value of your Account will be subject to investment gains and losses.
Your Account may not be attached, garnished, assigned or used as collateral for a loan outside of this Plan except to the
extent required by law. Your creditors may not attach, garnish or otherwise interfere with your Account balance except in
the case of a proper Internal Revenue Service tax levy or a Qualified Domestic Relations Order (QDRO). A QDRO is a
special order issued by the court in a divorce, child support or similar proceeding. In this situation, your spouse, or former
spouse, or someone other than you or your Beneficiary, may be entitled to a portion or all of your Account balance based on
the court order. Participants and Beneficiaries can obtain, without a charge, a copy of QDRO procedures either by
accessing the qdro.fidelity.com website, or by calling Fidelity. A fee will be assessed for each new QDRO order, please
reference the QDRO procedures documentation for a description of the fee.
The Plan Sponsor may direct the Trustee to transfer all or a portion of the assets in the Account of designated Participants
to another plan or plans maintained by your Employer or other employers subject to certain restrictions. The plan receiving
the Trust Funds must contain a provision allowing the transfer and preserve any benefits required to be protected under
existing laws and regulations. In addition, a Participant's vested Account balance may not be decreased as a result of the
transfer to another plan.
The Plan Sponsor reserves the authority to amend certain provisions of the Plan by taking the appropriate action. However,
any amendment may not eliminate certain forms of benefits under the Plan or reduce the existing vested percentage of your
Account balance derived from Employer contributions.
The Plan Sponsor has no legal or contractual obligation to make annual contributions to or to continue the Plan. The Plan
Sponsor reserves the right to terminate the Plan at any time by taking appropriate action as circumstances may dictate, with
the approval of the Board of Directors. In the event the Plan should terminate, each Participant affected by such
termination shall have a vested interest in his Account of 100 percent. The Plan Administrator will facilitate the
distribution of Account balances in single lump sum payments to each Participant in accordance with Plan provisions until
all assets have been distributed by the Trustee. Each Participant in the Plan upon Plan termination will automatically
become 100% vested in his/her Account balance.
The Plan Administrator has the power and discretionary authority to construe the terms of the Plan based on the Plan
document, existing laws and regulations and to determine all questions that arise under it. Such power and authority
include, for example, the administrative discretion necessary to resolve issues with respect to an Employee's eligibility for
benefits, credited services, and retirement, or to interpret any other term contained in Plan documents. The Plan
Administrator's interpretations and determinations are binding on all Participants, Employees, former Employees, and their
Beneficiaries.
This SPD and other important Plan information may be delivered to you through electronic means. This SPD contains
important information concerning the rights and benefits of your Plan. If you receive this SPD (or any other Plan
information) through electronic means you are entitled to request a paper copy of this document, free of charge, from the
Plan Administrator. The electronic version of this document contains substantially the same style, format and content as
the paper version.
The Plan must pass Internal Revenue Code non-discrimination tests as of the last day of each Plan Year to maintain a
qualified Plan. These tests are intended to ensure that the amount of contributions under the Plan do not discriminate in
favor of Highly Compensated Employees. In order to meet the tests, your Employer encourages participation from all
eligible Employees. Depending upon the results of the tests, the Plan Administrator may have to refund Deferral
Contributions contributed to the Plan and vested matching contributions to certain Highly Compensated Employees, as
determined under Internal Revenue Service regulations. Deferral Contributions or matching contributions will be refunded
to you from applicable investment options. You will be notified by the Plan Administrator if any of your contributions will
be refunded to you.
In the event that the Plan Administrator distributes amounts attributable to excess Deferral Contributions to Highly
Compensated Employees as a result of the non-discrimination test applicable to Deferral Contributions, a Highly
Compensated Employee who made both pre-tax and Roth Deferral Contributions during the applicable year will first
receive a return of amounts attributable to Pre-tax Deferral Contributions to the extent the Highly Compensated Employee
made pre-tax Deferral Contributions during the applicable Plan Year. The remainder of any such distribution will come
from amounts attributable to the Roth Deferral Contributions the Highly Compensated Employee made during the
applicable Plan Year. The Plan may be subject to additional types of non-discrimination testing depending upon the
benefits available under the Plan.
The Plan may be subject to the Internal Revenue Code "top-heavy" test. In that circumstance, the Plan Administrator tests
this Plan, together with any other Employer-sponsored qualified plans that cover one or more key employees, to ensure that
no more than 60% of the benefits are for key employees. If this Plan is top-heavy, then your Employer may be required to
make a minimum annual contribution on your behalf to this, or another Employer sponsored plan, if you are employed as of
Plan Year-end. You will be vested for these contributions in accordance with the vesting shown for nonelective
contributions within the Vesting section of this SPD.
A plan participant or beneficiary may make a claim for benefits under the Plan. Any such claim you file must be submitted
to the Plan Administrator in a form and manner acceptable to the Plan Administrator. Contact the Plan Administrator for
more information. Generally, the Plan Administrator will provide you with written notice of the disposition of your claim
within 90 days after receipt of your claim. If the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require an
extension of time to process your claim, the Plan Administrator will furnish written notice of the extension to the claimant
prior to the expiration of the initial 90-day period. In no event shall such extension exceed a period of 90 days from the end
of the initial period the Plan Administrator had to dispose of your claim. The extension notice shall indicate the special
circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects to render the benefit determination. In
the event the claim is denied, the Plan Administrator will disclose to you in writing the specific reasons for the denial, a
reference to the specific provisions of the Plan on which the determination is based, a description of additional material or
information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why it is required, and information about
the steps that must be taken to submit a timely request for review, including a statement of your right to bring a civil action
under Section 502(a) of ERISA following as adverse determination upon review.
You may appeal the denial of your claim made under the procedures described above within 60 days after the date
following your receipt of notification of the denied claim by filing a written request for review with the Plan Administrator.
This written request may include comments, documents, records, and other information relating to your claim for benefits.
You shall be provided, upon your request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records,
and other information relevant to your claim for benefits. The review will take into account all comments, documents,
records, and other information submitted by you relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was
submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. Generally, the Plan Administrator will provide you with
written notice of the disposition of your claim on review within 60 days after receipt of your appeal. If the Plan
Administrator determines that special circumstances require an extension of time to process your claim, the Plan
Administrator will furnish written notice of the extension to the claimant prior to the expiration of the initial 60-day period.
In no event shall such extension exceed a period of 60 days from the end of the initial period the Plan Administrator had to
dispose of your claim. The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the
date by which the Plan expects to render the benefit determination. In the event the claim on review is denied, the Plan
Administrator will disclose to you in writing the specific reasons for the denial, a reference to the specific provisions of the
Plan on which the determination is based, and a statement of your right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of
The Plan Administrator shall provide you with written notification of a plan's benefit determination on review. In the case
of an adverse benefit determination, the notification shall set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by you - the
specific reason or reasons for the adverse determinations, reference to the specific plan provisions on which the benefit
determination is based, a statement that you are entitled to receive, upon your request and free of charge, reasonable access
to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to your claim for benefits.
As a Participant in the Plan, you are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA. ERISA provides that all Plan
Participants shall be entitled to:
Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator's office and at other specified locations, such as worksites
and union halls, all documents governing the Plan, including insurance contracts and collective bargaining
agreements, and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series) filed by the Plan with the U.S.
Department of Labor and available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee Benefits Security
Administration.
Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator, copies of documents governing the operation of the
plan, including insurance contracts and collective bargaining agreements, and copies of the latest annual
report (Form 5500 Series) and updated SPD. The Plan Administrator may make a reasonable charge for the
copies.
Receive a summary of the Plan's annual financial report. The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish
each Participant with a copy of this Summary Annual Report each year.
Obtain a statement telling you the fair market value of your vested, accrued benefit, as of the date for which
the benefits are reported, if you stop working under the Plan now. If you do not have a right to a benefit under
the plan, the statement will tell you how many more years you have to work to get a right to a benefit. This
statement must be requested in writing and is not required to be given more than once every twelve (12)
months. The Plan must provide the statement free of charge.
In addition to creating rights for Plan Participants, ERISA imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the
operation of the employee benefit plan. The people who operate your Plan, called "fiduciaries" of the Plan, have a duty to
do so prudently and in the interest of you, other Plan Participants and Beneficiaries. No one, including your Employer,
your union, or any other person, may fire you or otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent you from
obtaining a retirement benefit or exercising your rights under ERISA.
Subject to the time limitation described below, if your claim for a benefit under the Plan is denied or ignored, in whole or in
part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision without charge,
and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules. Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the above
rights. For instance, if you request a copy of plan documents or the latest annual report from the Plan and do not receive
them within 30 days, you may file suit in a Federal court. In such a case, the court may require the Plan Administrator to
provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent
because of reasons beyond the control of the Plan Administrator. The Plan's agent for legal service of process in the event
of a lawsuit is the Plan Administrator.
If you have a claim for benefits which is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you may file suit in a state or Federal court.
In addition, if you disagree with the Plan's decision or lack thereof concerning the qualified status of a domestic relations
order, you may file suit in Federal court. If it should happen that Plan fiduciaries misuse the Plan's money, or if you are
discriminated against for asserting your rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor, or you may file
suit in a Federal court. The court will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If you are successful, the court
may order the person you have sued to pay these costs and fees. If you lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and
fees, for example, if it finds your claim frivolous.
If you have any questions about your Plan, you should contact the Plan Administrator. If you have any questions about this
statement or your rights under ERISA, or if you need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan Administrator, you
should contact the nearest office of the Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in
your telephone directory or the Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration,
U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue N.W., Washington, D.C. 20210. You may also obtain certain
publications about your rights and responsibilities under ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee
Benefits Security Administration.
You may file a lawsuit regarding the denial of an appeal after following the claims and review procedures above. You must
file any lawsuit within 12 months after the date the Plan Administrator issued its final decision on an appeal. If you do not
file a claim or exhaust the claims review process for any reason, any lawsuit must be filed within 12 months of the date of
the conduct at issue in the lawsuit (which includes, among other things, the date you became entitled to any Plan benefits at
issue in the lawsuit). If you fail to file a lawsuit within these timeframes, you will lose your right to bring the lawsuit at any
later time.
Fees and expenses charged under your Account will impact your retirement savings, and fall into three basic categories.
Investment fees are generally assessed as a percentage of assets invested, and are deducted directly from your investment
returns. Investment fees can be in the form of sales charges, loads, commissions, 12b-1 fees, or management fees. Certain
of these Investment fees may not apply depending upon the funds and share classes available in the Plan. You can obtain
more information about such fees from the documents (e.g., a prospectus) that describe the investments available under your
Plan. Plan administration fees cover the day-to-day expenses of your Plan for recordkeeping, accounting, legal and trustee
services, as well as additional services that may be available under your Plan, such as daily valuation, telephone response
systems, internet access to plan information, retirement planning tools, and educational materials. In some cases, these
costs are covered by investment fees that are deducted directly from investment returns. In other cases, these administrative
fees are either paid directly by your Employer, or are passed through to the participants in the Plan, in which case a
recordkeeping fee will be deducted from your Account. Transaction-based fees are associated with optional services offered
under your Plan, and are charged directly to your Account if you take advantage of a particular plan feature that may be
available, such as a Plan loan. For more information on fees associated with your Account, refer to your Account statement
or speak with the Plan Administrator.
The information contained herein has been provided by the Plan Administrator.
You may apply for a loan by contacting Fidelity. You may apply for only one loan each calendar year. Loans have been
pre-approved by the Plan Administrator based on data supplied by the Plan Sponsor and the criteria outlined in these Loan
Procedures. Loans will be allowed for any purpose. A loan set up fee of $75.00 will be deducted from your Account for
each new loan processed.
The minimum loan is $1,000 and the maximum amount is the lesser of one-half of your vested Account balance or $50,000
reduced by the highest outstanding loan balance in your Account during the prior twelve month period. All of your loans
from plans maintained by your Employer or a Related Employer will be considered for purposes of determining the
maximum amount of your loan. Up to 50% of your vested Account balance may be used as collateral for any loan.
You may only have 1 loan outstanding at any given time. If you have an existing loan you may not apply for another loan
until the existing loan is paid in full.
All loans shall bear a reasonable rate of interest as determined by the Plan Administrator based on the prevailing interest
rates charged by persons in the business of lending money for loans which would be made under similar circumstances.
The interest rate shall remain fixed throughout the duration of the loan.
Repayment should be made through after-tax payroll deductions; however, if repayment is not made by payroll deduction, a
loan shall be repaid in accordance with procedures provided by your Plan Administrator. All loans must be repaid in level
payments on at least a quarterly basis over a five year period unless it is for the purchase of your principal residence in
which case the loan repayment period may not extend beyond 12 years from the date of the loan. The level repayment
requirement may be waived for a period of one year or less if you are on a leave of absence, however, your loan must still be
repaid in full on the maturity date. If you are on a military leave of absence, the repayment schedule may be waived for the
entire length of the time missed on leave. Your loan will accrue interest during this time, and upon return from a military
leave of absence, your loan will be re-amortized to extend the length of the loan by the length of the leave. If a loan is not
repaid within its stated period, it will be treated as a taxable distribution to you. Effective on or about July 1, 2019, an
additional one-time loan prepayment of any dollar amount is permitted. The prepayment will first reduce any outstanding
loan interest on the date it is processed and the remainder will be applied to the principal of the loan.
The Plan Administrator shall consider a loan in default if any scheduled repayment remains unpaid as of the last business
day of the calendar quarter following the calendar quarter in which a loan is initially considered past due. In the event of a
default or termination of employment, the entire outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be immediately due and
payable. Any default in repayment to the Plan will result in the treating of the balance due for your loan as a taxable
distribution from the Plan.
The information contained herein has been provided by the Plan Administrator.
